=head1 NAME

ledflash - Daemon to slowly flash the front-panel LED of a PogoPlug

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<ledflash> [-d]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

C<ledflash> is a simple daemon which flashes the front panel LED of a
PogoPlug (or similar device) in order to provide visual confirmation
that the device has not (completely) crashed.  Since most such devices
do not have serial consoles, this may be the only way to get
information out of it, should the network connection fail.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over

=item B<-d>

Enables debug mode.  This prevents ledflash from running as a daemon.

=back

=head1 BUGS AND QUIRKS

The LED is flashed by writing strings to the special file

    /sys/class/leds/plug:green:health/trigger

which provides an interface to the Linux LED subsystem (described
L<here|http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/leds/leds-class.txt>.)

Unfortunately, some reading of the relevant PogoPlug mailing lists and
fora seems to indicate that this can change with a version upgrade.
I'm waiting to see what happens but it may be necessary to be smarter
about finding the control file.

In the meantime, you may need to periodically modify the constant
C<FLASHFILE> and recompile C<ledflash> when this happens.

=head1 AUTHOR, COPYRIGHT, LICENSING

B<ledflash> was written by Chris Reuter.

Copyright (C) 2012 Chris Reuter and distributed under the terms of the
GNU GPLv2.  This is free software: you are free to change and
redistribute it.

There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
